README.md, before:

<div align="center">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Jobsity/ReactChallenge/main/src/assets/jobsity_logo_small.png"/>
</div>

## Description

This project is designed to test your knowledge of front-end web technologies and assess your ability to create front-​end UI products with attention to details, cross-browser compatibility, standards, and  reusability.


## Assignment

The goal of this exercise is to create a demo calendar application using React.

You should start by rendering a single month view of a calendar for the current month, along the lines of the illustration below:
<div align="center">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Jobsity/ReactChallenge/main/src/assets/CalendarSample.png"/>
</div>

## Mandatory features
 - Ability to add "*reminders*" (max. 30 characters) for a day and time specified by the user. Also, include a city.
 - Ability to edit reminders - including changing text, city, day and time.
 - Add a weather service call from [MetaWeather](https://www.metaweather.com/), [AccuWeather](https://developer.accuweather.com/accuweather-forecast-api/apis/get/forecasts/v1/daily/5day/%7BlocationKey%7D) or [VisualCrossing](https://www.visualcrossing.com/weather/weather-data-services#/login) and get the weather forecast (e.g. Rain) for the date of the calendar reminder based on the city.

## Bonus (Optional)

- Expand the calendar to support more than the current month or year.
- Properly handle overflow when multiple reminders appear on the same date.
- Unit test the functionality: *Ability to add "*reminders*" (max. 30 characters) for a day and time specified by the user. Also, include a city.*

## Considerations

 - Show us in the Readme all relevant information about your project.
 - The project is completely focused on Front-end. Ignore the Back-end.
 - Create your Calendar using the route `/calendar`
 - Feel free to use small helper libraries for:
 -- UI Elements.
 -- Date/Time handling.
 - **You must create the calendar component yourself**. Do not user calendar libraries like FullCalendar or Bootstrap Calendar.
 - Provide working API keys to any external API you use.
 - We have implemented Redux thunk for state management, but you may use any state manager you are familiar with.
 - Show us your capabilities on CSS and styling, if possible.

# How to deploy

 - Run `npm install` | `yarn install` to install all dependencies.
 - Run `npm start`   | `yarn run` to run the app locally.
 - You can find the project running on `localhost:3000`.

Commit message:

added readme regarding potential issue running application locally

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Jobsity/ReactChallenge/main/src/assets/jobsity_logo_small.png"/>
</div>

## Description

This project is designed to test your knowledge of front-end web technologies and assess your ability to create front-​end UI products with attention to details, cross-browser compatibility, standards, and  reusability.


## Assignment

The goal of this exercise is to create a demo calendar application using React.

You should start by rendering a single month view of a calendar for the current month, along the lines of the illustration below:
<div align="center">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Jobsity/ReactChallenge/main/src/assets/CalendarSample.png"/>
</div>

## Mandatory features
 - Ability to add "*reminders*" (max. 30 characters) for a day and time specified by the user. Also, include a city.
 - Ability to edit reminders - including changing text, city, day and time.
 - Add a weather service call from [MetaWeather](https://www.metaweather.com/), [AccuWeather](https://developer.accuweather.com/accuweather-forecast-api/apis/get/forecasts/v1/daily/5day/%7BlocationKey%7D) or [VisualCrossing](https://www.visualcrossing.com/weather/weather-data-services#/login) and get the weather forecast (e.g. Rain) for the date of the calendar reminder based on the city.

## Bonus (Optional)

- Expand the calendar to support more than the current month or year.
- Properly handle overflow when multiple reminders appear on the same date.
- Unit test the functionality: *Ability to add "*reminders*" (max. 30 characters) for a day and time specified by the user. Also, include a city.*

## Considerations

 - Show us in the Readme all relevant information about your project.
 - The project is completely focused on Front-end. Ignore the Back-end.
 - Create your Calendar using the route `/calendar`
 - Feel free to use small helper libraries for:
 -- UI Elements.
 -- Date/Time handling.
 - **You must create the calendar component yourself**. Do not user calendar libraries like FullCalendar or Bootstrap Calendar.
 - Provide working API keys to any external API you use.
 - We have implemented Redux thunk for state management, but you may use any state manager you are familiar with.
 - Show us your capabilities on CSS and styling, if possible.
 
 # Applicant Message - Running the Application Locally

Due to dependencies on certain legacy features in Node.js, this application may require a specific environment variable to be set when running on newer versions of Node.js. If you encounter any issues related to SSL or cryptographic functions, you may need to enable the OpenSSL legacy provider. (As was the case with me)

To run the application locally with the necessary environment variable:

For macOS/Linux:

`export NODE_OPTIONS=--openssl-legacy-provider`

`yarn start`

For Windows (in Command Prompt):

`set NODE_OPTIONS=--openssl-legacy-provider`

`yarn start`

Or, for PowerShell:

`$env:NODE_OPTIONS="--openssl-legacy-provider"`

`yarn start`

These commands temporarily set the NODE_OPTIONS environment variable to use the OpenSSL legacy provider for the duration of your terminal session, allowing the application to run without modification to the codebase.

# How to deploy

 - Run `npm install` | `yarn install` to install all dependencies.
 - Run `npm start`   | `yarn run` to run the app locally.
 - You can find the project running on `localhost:3000`.
